.TH life 6 "March 10, 2017" "version v0.1" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
life \- a minimalist Conway's Game of Life
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B life [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Life is a simple implementation of the Conway's Game of Life that uses only the console resources
to handle the game graphic stuff.

The user should inform the initial state of the board through the command line.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-alive-y-x
Defines an alive cell under the coordinate (y;x).

.TP
\-\-board-size=\fIn\fR
Defines the board size (NxN). This can be a value between 2 and 45. The default is 20.

.TP
\-\-alive-color=\fIcolor\fR
Defines the color used for representing alive cells. The colors should be: black, red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan or white.
The default is red.

.TP
\-\-dead-color=\fIcolor\fR
Defines the color used for representing dead cells. The colors should be: black, red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan or white.
The default is black.

.TP
\-\-interactive
Defines that after each generation the application will wait for the \fIENTER\fR key.

.TP
\-\-delay=\fImilliseconds\fR
Defines the duration of each generation in milliseconds.
The default is 200 milliseconds.

.TP
\-\-generation-nr=\fIn\fR
Defines the total of generations before exiting.
The default is unlimited.

.SH EXIT STATUS
The application always returns zero on normal conditions. On some error non-zero values are returned.

.PP
.SH
HOMEPAGE
.TP
https://github.com/rafael-santiago/life
.SH AUTHOR
Rafael Santiago <voidbrainvoid@gmail.com>
